I wanted to help the deaf so that they too can know Jehovah.
So I decided to move to a sign language territory,
the sign language group in Dar es Alam.
We had to travel by bus and sometimes we traveled far,
stuck in a traffic jam for two to three hours and it was expensive.
I still remember my early days in service with the sign language group.
I was very inexperienced with the language and one day
my service partner asked me to conduct a Bible study.
Every time I tried to talk to the student,
she didn't understand.
As I kept trying, she became more and more frustrated with me
and I started to feel discouraged.
I wanted to help but I was powerless.
I felt bad, I told myself, I still don't know the deaf.
I still don't know sign language.
Why has Jehovah brought me into this field in which I'm not able to help the deaf?
I was invited to the school for Kingdom Evangelizers in 2014 from September to November.
After graduating, I received an assignment in sign language again.
Jehovah truly helped me so much.
That was exactly the encouragement I needed to persevere in learning the language
and becoming more effective in my assignment.
I was able to conduct my own Bible studies and they could really understand me now.
When we started, there were two baptized deaf publishers but now they are over 10.
I have had the opportunity to help three deaf people to make progress,
to dedicate themselves to Jehovah and get baptized.
The training I received at the school is still helping me now in my new assignment
at the Translation Office where I self-together with my husband.
We are joyful because we know that through this work,
many deaf people will receive publications in their language
and this will bring about an increase in this territory.
I graduated from the school for Kingdom Evangelizers in 2015
and it was a privilege to receive the assignment to call help the Messiah
to know Jehovah in their mother tongue.
Traveling is difficult.
Sometimes I travel by vehicle but sometimes there are areas in which there are no vehicles
so I'm forced to walk.
Sometimes I can travel by motorcycle to reach many more people
but still transportation is a difficult part of it.
There are valleys, there are mountains, there are uphills, there are downhills.
So transportation is difficult.
When I finally reached the territory, I was able to find the Messiah.
I was apprehensive about their reaction because I know their culture.
They don't know Jehovah, so I wondered what would happen when I reached their territory.
During that stressful time, I prayed to Jehovah,
I read his word the Bible,
I meditated on accounts of our brothers and sisters mentioned in the Bible
and after prayer, Jehovah gave me strength.
I was able to return to them, make return visits and start Bible studies
so the results have been good.
I am happy that after starting studies,
some started taking steps and attending meetings.
They later made good progress and now some of them are our brothers and sisters.
They dedicated themselves and were baptized.
I feel so much joy.
Jehovah has given me the strength, the ability to be used,
to further the preaching of the good news and to help the Messiah spiritually.